final-build-doc.md, before:

# Game Build Document - Final

## 1. Team Contributions


### Ashley Rush
- **Role**: Asset Manager
- **Contributions**: 
	- Added Levels 4, 5, and 6
    - Added materials for Ground, Walls, and the Path for Levels 4, 5, and 6
    - Added 5 new enemy types (Powerful, Fast 2, Strong 2, Tanky 2, Powerful 2)
    - Redid many of the waves and fixed wave timings
    - More


### Brett DeWitt
- **Role**: Product Owner
- **Contributions**:


### Minsu
- **Role**: Sound Manager
- **Contributions**: 


### Dante Borden
- **Role**: Gameplay Designer
- **Contributions**: 
    - n\a

---

## 2. Changes to core gameplay mechanics

### Pivot/rescoping/deviation details
- Nothing dicussed
    
---

## 3. Trello Board

- Link to [Trello Board](<https://trello.com/b/QJD3DDlx/cs-410-spring-final>) to track the tasks for this beta build.

---

## 4. Playable WebGL build

- Link to [WebGL build](<https://play.unity.com/en/games/ee8b7497-1502-4768-ae53-874eede15a69/untitled-tower-defense>) on Unity Play.

---

## 5. GitHub Repository

- Link to the [GitHub Repo](<https://github.com/bdewitt84/unity-tower-defense>) for the project.
    - The **"final" tag** for the build has been created.

---

Commit message:

Chore: Updated final build doc

final-build-doc.md, after:

# Game Build Document - Final

## 1. Team Contributions


### Ashley Rush
- **Role**: Asset Manager
- **Contributions**: 
	- Added Levels 4, 5, and 6
    - Added materials for Ground, Walls, and the Path for Levels 4, 5, and 6
    - Added 5 new enemy types (Powerful, Fast 2, Strong 2, Tanky 2, Powerful 2)
    - Redid many of the waves and fixed wave timings
    - More


### Brett DeWitt
- **Role**: Product Owner
- **Contributions**:
	- Added Congratulations screen on win
	- Fixed bugs related to tower selection
	- Fixed player can no longer build on paths
	- Administrative tasks

### Minsu
- **Role**: Sound Manager
- **Contributions**: 
	- n\a

### Dante Borden
- **Role**: Gameplay Designer
- **Contributions**: 
    - n\a

---

## 2. Changes to core gameplay mechanics

### Pivot/rescoping/deviation details
- Nothing dicussed
    
---

## 3. Trello Board

- Link to [Trello Board](<https://trello.com/b/QJD3DDlx/cs-410-spring-final>) to track the tasks for this beta build.

---

## 4. Playable WebGL build

- Link to [WebGL build](<https://play.unity.com/en/games/ee8b7497-1502-4768-ae53-874eede15a69/untitled-tower-defense>) on Unity Play.

---

## 5. GitHub Repository

- Link to the [GitHub Repo](<https://github.com/bdewitt84/unity-tower-defense>) for the project.
    - The **"final" tag** for the build has been created.

---
